In the last lecture we learn how to use NGF to conditionally display something.
Of course what we saw before and what I want to use now too is how we can at least so below that button
I might want to output a list for that.
First of all we'll add another button which says new elements so that we can add list items and then
here I want to add a click list to execute on ADD element with parentheses.
That's just how the syntax works Nagler.
Now with that I can go to my app component and for one add this method so that we actually have this
method which we try to execute.
But I also need an array of elements so I'll add a number property because we want to have numbered
data piece basically which are named elements and which is empty array initially.
Now in this elements array I want to store numbers here we can use a typescript feature.
Do you remember that I told you that typescript allows you to define which type of variable may hold.
Well we don't do that anywhere in this code.
And we are not just assigning types to variables and properties but neither name nor elements have some
type definition.
The reason for this is the typescript can also inferred the type.
So since we assign a string here it and first name is of type string.
Now for elements it knows that it is of type array but we could also tell it which elements to will
actually hold.
So which type of elements.
It could be a mixed array but in this case it will only hold numbers.
So we can define this type by adding a colon off-Terra elements and the number with square brackets
which says it's an array of numbers.
If we would have just number we would say it's just a number which clearly is not the case.
So now we may only add numbers here and if we try to add something else we will actually get an error.
So here in on an element let me reach out to my elements array push a new element on it and I will use
the elements length for this plus one which of course is a number.
Now with that we're adding elements to the array.
Now to display it I'll go back to the template and I'll add the unordered list.
And here I have a couple of list items here it works again kind of similar to view cheapass But we also
defined one last item and then added a directive to it to repeat this item as often as needed.
The directive and angler's case is star because it's a structural directive again and for it it's a
structural directive because it again adds.
And possibly if we reduce the array removes elements to it from the DOM.
So change is done here Engy for it then has to loop through the elements in our array and the syntax
here actually is the same syntax as in the for loop in javascript or in typescript.
We define a variable and we use lead for this lead and Konst are ESX keywords to define variables basically.
So let defines a variable and you can choose any name you want like L or aliment I'll choose L here.
And then you'd have loop through the array by writing.
Let L off and then the name of your array elements in my case.
So referring to this elements property here with that were elements therefore of course with that were
looping from that array.
And now this will replicate this list as often as needed.
Since we get to individual element of each iteration and storing it in this L variable we can also output
this year so we could output L or to stick again with the example from before element l like this.
Now with this if I say if that Engy serve again is still running you'll see we get this new new element
button.
And if I click it we add elements here and this is how we can render lists with angular.